# Database_Design_and_Queries
CutGlass & Tile is a hard surface installation (tile, glass, marble, granite, etc.) subcontracting firm founded in 1995 in Bothell, WA. The original company has expanded into three semi-independent offices in the greater Seattle area providing surface removal, design, installation, and maintenance services. The company produces a wide range of hard surface installations. They can create complex, artistic mosaics or simple, standard tile floors. They employ both artistic designers and tiling craftsmen. 
CutGlass & Tile seldom hires temporary laborers for jobs; the owners prefer to have the long-term relationships that come from hiring and maintaining employees. The primary services provided to a client (homeowner, general contractor, or government agency) are design and installation of various types of tile. They use many different materials ranging from very expensive stained glass to relatively inexpensive ceramic tile. CutGlass & Tile designs and implements tile and other hard surface solutions for kitchens, bathrooms, laundry rooms, staircases, fireplaces, floors, etc. They do not work with wood surfaces, such as hard wood floors, unless the wood is just a small design inlaid in the tile. They do not install slab granite.
The accounting functions for CutGlass & Tile are similar to those of most service companies. Payroll is calculated for all employees, accounts payable are maintained as payment is sent to vendors for material received (though most of their purchases are made on a cash basis), accounts receivable are maintained as invoices are sent to customers, and a general ledger is maintained on all accounts. CutGlass & Tile uses an accounting package, Microsoft Dynamics 365, for all general accounting functions. The database required for this project is not designed to duplicate any of the existing accounting functions – it will not be used to bill clients, pay employees, or buy materials
In this project, I create a database to keep track of job proposals, work orders and the labor and materials attributed to a job, with the hope that this database can be used to inform estimates for future jobs.
